This is the first of my online journaling.
Amber was unable to video chat yesterday as she was at her boyfriends friends.
Amber was unable to video chat today she had her first counceling session with a new counselor and says she was too emotional to chat with the boys before bed.
We video chatted with Aunt Alicia and uncle Ben tonight.

Amber is supposed to help watch the kids tomorrow.
Today I watched the kids and worked and it was James' first day in virtual kindergarten.
The hardest part for james was waiting between "meetings" meetings meaninghis class times.
His teacher Ms. Hunyhn (pronoucned winn) did a great job.
The special class music was hard though, not very well done.

Lately Amber's words about how hard her life is right now being a personal assistant to her boyfriend are really bother me.
You really do not know the meaning of hard.  running errands and taking are of a dog?  While I just started a new career and have to be thier for the kids, and somedays liek today take care of them while working...
I feel uselss and like dead weight in my new career as I am not helpful yet.  
Please note I love being a software developer and love what my tem does but not providing value is not something I am used to.  
I know this is temporary and one day I will be amazing again.

I am stressed because I need the raise of losing the "in training" on my title becuase then I could afford a nanny to help watch my kids during the day.
They deserve more attention than I can currently give them.

I have been thinking about getting a peice of art drawn by an artist to depeict this time in my life. 
I would want a picture of atlas struggling to hold up the world and other people helping to hold him up and support him.
untop of the world would be 3 dragons perched on it

I have a written journal from before just a few pages I will add to this later.
I hope to do this every night.  Hopefully every night is not just me being bitter or writting about my struggles.

Kids are all asleep it is 10:44pm and I am going to back to late night sorting clothes they might not be folded but at least we can find them in the morning.
