Amber got here around 9:10am
Amber left at 2:34pm

It was hard to get anything done while she was here as she constantly wanted attention and the children were constantly around me.
Amber was going to stay until 3:00 but she said her anxiety was just too much.
She blamed her aniexty on James kicking her in the shin way earlier in the day.
James was upset becuase cecil was in his school zone and he pushed him down and mom was trying make consquences for him.

James and I started the Lego Advent calendar day 1 was a little lego frieght police boat.  
He is really excited for day 2.

On other news I got real emotional while amber was here I let her know how insecure I am about my job right now.  
There is no real threat of me losing it but I feel useless there currently and it ishard to deal with it.
She said I didn't know.  and I replied thats right you dont know becuase you arn't here... and was in tears

Amber found a shoulder to cry on in one of our family friends Joy Sokolowski.
I know becuase her husband and my best friend caled me later that night and we talked for like 2 hours.
I feel bad I didn't tell him sooner but with him living across the country I needed physical support so did not want to burden him.
Talking to him was good but it made me realize how hard it is to talk about this.  One thing he said that I really did not think about before was 
noticing Ambers real lack of empathy that everything was about her.  I had kind of thought this way but it was nice to hear it from someone
else.

After talking with Doug I made sure to get the kids video chat in with amber.  She said she was surpised and didn't expect the video chat 
as maybe it would have been to hard for me as she figured doug would call me.  She does not get it the video chats are not about me or my feelings but about allowing the
kids to continue to see thier mom every night.  Not about me about the children no matter how hard it is for me to do it does not matter
what amtters is the children and thier needs.

Good news I got the living room vacumed and me and all 3 boys wrestled and tickled while ou music playlist was on.
Those moments make evything better. 

Also I think writing these words out helps as well.  Get my thoughts out on paper